Full parametrized decorator (#163)
stitchfix/hamilton: decorators.md

business-logic reuse. The decorators we've defined are as follows
(source can be found in [function_modifiers](hamilton/function_modifiers.py)):

## @parameterize

> ´xpands a signle function into n, each of which correspond to a function in which the parameter value is replaced either by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expands a single function into n, each of which correspond to a function in which the parameter value is replaced either by:
```

Reviewer: also should make an explicit migration section that we can link to.

the arguments are pulled from outside the DAG. The _assigned_output_ key word argument takes in a dictionary of
tuple(Output Name, Documentation string) -> value.

Note that `@parametrized` is deprecated, and we intend for you to use `@parameterize_vales`. We're consolidating
to make the parameterization decorators more consistent! But we will not break your workflow for a long time.

## @parameterize_inputs (replacing @parameterized_inputs)

Expands a single function into _n_, each of which corresponds to a function in which the parameters specified are mapped

> to the specified inputs. Note this decorator and `@parametrized` are quite similar, except that

Reviewer: update this line

    """SOME_INPUT_NAME shifted by 1 to create SOME_OUTPUT_NAME"""
    return SOME_INPUT_NAME.shift(1)
```
Note that `@parameterized_inputs` is deprecated, and we intend for you to use `@parameterize_inputs`. We're consolidating

> to make the parameterization decorators more consistent! But we will not break your workflow for a long time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to make the parameterization decorators more consistent! You have plenty of time to migrate, we wont make this a hard change until we have a Hamilton 2.0.0 to release.
```
